Update default empty state for minicart.v2 (#228)
vtex-apps/minicart: docs/README.md

| Prop name              | Type                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Default value |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |

> | `variation`            | `Enum`                    | Minicart behavior when rendered. The possible values are: `'popup'` (it pops up on the Homepage in a minitab window) , `'drawer'` (it is rendered through a side bar) or `'link'` (when clicked on, it redirects the user to the Checkout page) | `'drawer'`    |
> | `drawerSlideDirection` | `Enum`                    | Slide direction for the `'drawer'` Minicart opening. (values: `'rightToLeft'` or `'leftToRight'`)                                                                                                                                               | `rightToLeft` |
> | `linkVariationUrl`     | `String`                  | Link associated to the `'link'` Minicart.                                                                                                                                                                                                       |               |
> | `maxDrawerWidth`       | `Number`                  | Maximum width (in pixels) for the `'sidebar'` Minicart when opened.                                                                                                                                                                             | `440`         |
> | `openOnHover`          | `Boolean`                 | Whether the `'popup'` minicart should open when the user hovers over it                                                                                                                                                                         | false         |
> | `quantityDisplay`      | `Enum`                    | Shows the quantity badge even when the amount of products in the cart is zero (values: `'always'` or `'not-empty'` or `'never'`)                                                                                                                | `'not-empty'` |
> | `backdropMode`         | `'default'`&#124;`'none'` | Controls if it should display the backdrop when the Minicart is open (only works if `variation = 'drawer'`)                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `variation`            | `enum`                    | Minicart behavior when rendered. Possible values are: `popup` (it pops up on the Homepage in a minitab window) , `drawer` (it is rendered through a side bar) or `link` (when clicked on, it redirects the user to the Checkout page). | `drawer`    |
| `drawerSlideDirection` | `enum`                    | Slide direction for the `drawer` Minicart opening. Possible values are: `rightToLeft` or `leftToRight`).                                                                                                                                               | `rightToLeft` |
| `linkVariationUrl`     | `string`                  | Link associated to the `link` Minicart.                                                                                                                                                                                                       |   `undefined`            |
| `maxDrawerWidth`       | `number`                  | Maximum width (in pixels) for the `drawer` Minicart when opened.                                                                                                                                                                             | `440`         |
| `openOnHover`          | `boolean`                 | Whether the `popup` minicart should open when the user hovers over it.                                                                                                                                                                       | `false`         |
| `quantityDisplay`      | `enum`                    | Shows the quantity badge even when the amount of products in the cart is zero. Possible values are: `always` or `not-empty` or `never`).                                                                                                                | `not-empty` |
| `backdropMode`         | `enum` | Controls whether the backdrop should be displayed when the `drawer` Minicart is opened or not. Possible values are: `visible` (rendering the backdrop) or `none` (rendering the `drawer` without backdrop).  | `none` |                                    
```

| `popupChildrenContainer`        |
| `popupContentContainer`         |
| `popupWrapper`                  |
| `emptyStateIconWrapper`         |

> | `emptyStateMessage`             |

Reviewer 2: Should this exist?
